♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
=The Love Equations=
(Previously on Episode 17)
Since when has Zhao Fanzhou
been interested in love psychology.
You've got to be careful.
Do you know where Zhao Fanzhou is?
If you don't know, why would I know?
Fanzhou asked me not to tell.
Zhao Fanzhou is obviously hiding from me.
We've broken up.
Did he hurt you?
How do you know?
(Episode 18: Breakup gift)
Let's go.
I'm not in the mood.
(Breakup symptom 4: Walking dead)
Pull yourself together. Don't be like that.
What's the fun in watching badminton game?
It's all about a flying ball.
I don't want to watch it.
I want to lie in my bed.
No way.
Xie Yixing told me
he'd tear off his shirt
if he wins the game.
Do you hear that? Tear off his shirt!
What's the big deal?
I'm leaving.
Lechery is not my thing.
Let's go! Let's go!
Let's welcome the star
of Team Renzhou from Jifang District:
Xie Yixing!
Xie Yixing is waving hands to the audience.
He looks pretty confident.
Come on! Cheer up!
Look!
The audience is also very passionate.
Let's look forward to the game!
OK, the game starts now.
Xie Yixing is cooperating well
with his teammate.
Bravo, Xie Yixing!
Nice smash!
Both sides are playing patiently,
-the lead goes saw between them.
-Come on, Xie Yixing!
Xie Yixing has got in the groove
shortly after the game started.
The game is in the clutch.
(The Fifth Intercollegiate Badminton League)
It's 20-19 now.
Xie Yixing has reached the match point.
Excellent!
Xie Yixing smashed the ball!
The game is over.
Congratulations, Team Renzhou.
Congratulations, Xie Yixing!
Look! Xie Yixing is going
to tear off his shirt!
He got stuck.
Come on, Xie Yixing!
Lu,
your badminton star is so funny!
You can't be like this anymore!
Change your attitude.
Change your belief.
Be more active.
Make achievements.
Be active about everything!
Tolstoy...
Tolstoy
(Breakup symptom 5: Behave positively)
once said
writers can learn a lot
from flash fiction.
Besides Zhou Xiao,
does anyone of you
know
the pursuit
of writing novels?
I do!
Oh, my!
It freaked me out.
You again?
It's shortness, novelty,
compactness and originality.
It refers to short story,
novel ideas,
compact structure,
original ending.
Calm down. Sit back.
Yes, Sir!
She's right.
But...
Zhou Xiao,
you've answered five, six questions in a row.
It's more than the total number
of last month.
The rest of you
are welcomed to answer the questions.
It's not
a private lesson.
Well, another question.
Who knows...
I do!
Sir, I do!
Sit back. Sit back.
Sit back.
I have another question.
I've run out of questions.
On an unrelated note,
before the vacation,
there is this "Cup of Seeking Truth"
Novel Contest
in our Department.
You are welcomed
to send your complete work to me.
The deadline is next Friday.
Sir,
I...
I'm in.
Zhou Xiao, please calm down.
Sir, I mean it.
I've posted my serial on the internet.
It's very popular.
I can make about three yuan a day.
I use the money to buy ice pops
for my roommates every day.
You're a genius.
How about this?
Arrange your ice cream,
I mean,
your script
and send it to my office.
Before that,
I have something to discuss with you.
It's about the character arc.
My characters
have desires,
contradictions in humanity,
inside and outside pressures.
They even have choices to make.
So, I believe
I've created character arc.
However,
I think...
That's it for today.
Sir!
Sir, I haven't finished yet.
Wow!
Zhou Xiao,
you're awesome!
You even made King Shu of Overtime
drop his class like that.
See?
Is she gonna compete
for the scholarship against me?
Perhaps.
The world is full of hot guys.
Zhao Fanzhou means nothing to me.
Ling.
Ah?
Send me some pictures of hot guys, please.
Well.
I thought you were writing a novel
for the contest.
Why do you keep looking at hot guys?
I've finished my novel.
So soon?
I've written out all of my characters.
What?
Come on.
Just
share with me
all your collection
of hot guys.
Why should I?
I spend a whole year on collecting them.
I'm keeping it to myself.
But,
I broke up with my boyfriend.
Alright, lady.
I'll send the photos to you right now.
Hurry up!
Wei.
Eh?
Have you written your review
on the conclusion of the course
of ideological and moral education class?
Yes.
Great. Write one for me.
Why should I?
I broke up with my boyfriend.
Alright, alright.
I'll do it for you.
You...
Why are you staring at me?
I want you to spray your perfume
in my wardrobe.
Nope.
I'm not gonna do it.
It's very expensive.
Very expensive?
Yes.
OK.
I...
I broke up with my boyfriend
so I want to smell something good.
But I don't want to push in.
I'll work it out on my own.
Is that OK for you?
I also want to use your Mihoo facial mask
which is super moisturizing.
You're way out of the...
OK. OK.
(Mihoo)
I...
I suddenly feel like eating an orange.
Can you cut one for me?
I mean, peel one for me.
Sure.
Lu.
Wei.
It's...
Who is this?
Hey, hey, hey.
What's up?
Come to the cafe.
I have a great gift for you.
Nope.
What great gift can I expect from you?
Every time I ask you to order meal for me,
you'd buy me cheap snacks.
Garage kit of Conan, limited edition.
It's your decision to make.
Amazing.
You're so amazing!
I'm coming down right now.
Wait for me.
This is ridiculous.
Slow down.
Take care.
Why do you bring me here?
Let go of me.
We haven't broken up.
Zhou Xiao.
Shut up.
You haven't...
Shut up!
What are you doing?
I've tried to contact you every day.
Take it.
Just take it.
Isn't this your phone number?
Why did you call him?
How come you remember my phone number?
I called you so many times.
It's only natural that I remember it.
Check the messages.
Why should I?
(Why didn't you answer the phone?
My mom got injured.)
(Didn't Yixing tell you about that?)
It can't be true.
I didn't get anything on my phone.
I mean it.
I'm an expert.
Don't look down upon me.
Leave it to me.
Zhou Xiao,
you blocked him.
Ah?
Why would I block him?
How should I know?
Perhaps
I'm not familiar
with this phone.
I pressed the wrong button.
Now, it's your turn to explain it.
Explain what?
Why didn't you call me?
I did.
I did like five times.
I called you at least 50 times
every single day.
Well.
Number
doesn't matter.
Then what matters?
You.
You smiled.
No, I didn't.
Yes, you did.
Wait a moment.
Hey,
it's a public place.
Don't you think it's a little disgusting
to show your affection like that?
I'm leaving.
Hey, wait a moment.
Pay the bill first.
Zhou Xiao,
don't you think you've gone too far?
Nope.
Thank you for what you did.
No big deal.
You two have a good time.
Bye!
Why did you thank him?
Nothing.
I don't think so.
Tell me.
Why did you thank him?
I thanked him for clearing my name.
Otherwise,
I wouldn't know someone has blocked me.
Oh!
But
why were you two waiting for me together?
I ran into him.
Then I asked him
to find an excuse to ask you out.
Oh, I see.
So,
there is no limited edition
of Conan garage kit?
I was so excited on my way here.
I'm in my slippers, for god's sake.
I just know it.
Cai Yasi would never be so generous.
How is Zhou Xiao?
She is fine.
They why are you here?
And
how do you know I'm here?
There's not a single person I can't locate.
It's lunch time.
Buy me lunch.
Pork stewed with potato noodles.
Stewed pork ribs.
Chicken stewed with mushrooms.
Fried pork.
Crispy pork.
And, fried eggplants,
potatoes and green chili.
Sir, I'm afraid it's too much for two people.
That's it.
Don't worry.
This guy is very rich.
Extravagance
is his hallmark.
Understood.
Do you have any money with you?
Just so you know,
I don't have any cash on me.
What do you want from me?
I think
we need talk it out face to face.
I like Zhou Xiao.
I just can't stand you
treating her like that.
You can tell her face to face.
Don't worry about her emotions.
I'll comfort her.
She likes crying.
But she's also forgetful.
She is way tougher
than you think.
Why are you trying to say here?
Zhou Xiao said she couldn't get in touch you,
and that you're trying to break up
with her using cold violence.
Who told you we broke up?
Then why do you disappear
and disconnect from her?
I think I'm the one who couldn't
get in touch with her.
I never thought you're like this.
You even let her to take the blame for this.
Check it out yourself.
(Recents)
There must be
some misunderstanding here.
As an outsider,
I guess I shouldn't intervene too much.
It was just a joke.
I didn't say anything.
Now, we have to deal with
something even more important.
What is it?
We ordered so many dishes.
Hope we can finish them.
Where are you going?
I'm calling my mom
and then getting back to the campus
to find Zhou Xiao.
No rush, no rush.
Let's have lunch first.
Give Zhou Xiao some time to think.
It's not a big deal.
Sir,
here is the dish of crispy pork.
Well...
Can I cancel the order
of the rest dishes?
I'll check it for you.
Thank you so much.
It's OK.
Let's go.
The dishes haven't been served yet.
You're no fun.
What does Zhou Xiao see in you?
As you said,
you shouldn't be intervening too much.
If you don't treat her well,
I'll intervene even more.
Remember,
I'm always waiting for a chance.
Let me tell you,
you don't stand a chance.
That's good.
Don't forget to pay the bill, dude.
Why do you bring me here?
Buy you a new cell phone.
No, no.
My cell phone will be fixed in a couple days.
Why are you buying me a new one?
Does your money burn a hole in your pocket?
So, you've already decided
that I'm gonna pay for it?
I thought...
Well, I don't have the money
to pay for it, after all.
Let's go.
I'll pay for it.
Nope.
I mean it.
I'm getting back to hospital tomorrow.
I don't want to lose touch with you.
I've already removed you
from the blacklist.
OK, OK.
We'll buy it.
Excuse me,
what can I do for you?
I want the latest one in your shop.
Since we're gonna buy it,
why don't we buy a good one?
Fine.
I don't want the latest one.
I want
the most expensive one.
OK.
Miss,
this is the most expensive,
the most well-equipped cellphone in our shop.
It costs 6188 yuan.
What did you say?
6188 yuan.
I... I was kidding.
Well. I'll take
the cheapest one.
Ah.
Well,
what's your budget?
Within 1000 yuan...
We'll take it.
I'll use WeChat-pay.
OK.
Please wait a minute.
I'll bring you a new one.
Are you born with a silver spoon
or are you a potential business tycoon?
Am I
the lucky one?
See?
It works quite smoothly.
What did you just say?
You like taking pictures so much.
Why didn't you choose the latest cell phone?
It has better performance in photographing.
I'm fine with using
the same cell phone as yours.
I'm not a gold digger.
Is your family so rich
that you have problem spending it?
Ah!
Do you use
black cards?
Is there a Rolls-Royce stretch limousine
in your garage?
When you come back home,
is there a butler waiting
at the front door asking
"Master,
how is your day?
Did anyone make you unhappy?
If so, please let me know,
I'll let his family go bankrupt."
Do you want to check it out?
Nope.
Let me keep a little imagination.
Perhaps I'll write a novel
about a bossy president.
What's more,
if I find out you're even poorer than I am,
you may blame me for being snobbish
when we break up one day.
It will bother me.
Why do you always think
we're gonna break up one day?
I didn't mean it.
I just think
no one can tell the future.
So, am I not allowed to bring it up?
No, you're not.
Hum.
OK.
I see.
What?
I shouldn't bring up the breakup thing.
Because it's a jinx.
It's because we won't break up.
Hum.
We won't break up.
Why are you laughing?
Nothing.
It's just
I suddenly find you're cute.
Why are you silent?
You're blushing.
You really are.
No, I'm not.
Yes, you're.
Now, who is blushing?
You cheated!
I have prepared a gift for you.
Now, I'm not gonna give it to you.
When did you buy the gift?
When you were in the washroom
in the shopping mall.
I need to go to the washroom.
Wait for a moment.
OK.
I'll be waiting for you.
Would you hold this for me?
Ah!
Why don't you ask me what the gift is?
You're not giving it to me.
Why bother?
You could still ask about it,
even though I'm not giving it to you.
I won't ask.
Hey, how come
you don't have any curiosity at all?
Then, what is the gift?
Couples phone shells.
Do you want it?
No way.
What should I do
to make you change your mind?
Run ten circles
around the playground.
Hey!
I'm just kidding.
Here you are.
It's for me?
Yep.
I like blue.
I'll have the blue one.
I don't want it.
Hey!
Wait!
What's the problem with the pink one?
We live in a modern society.
There is no rule that says blue is for boys
and pink is for girls.
You have to break the gender barriers.
Hey!
(Mom)
Hello, mom.
What's up?
Fanzhou,
get back home soon.
Get back home soon.
I thought you're in the hospital.
Why are you at home?
They wanted me
to have psychiatric evaluation.
I'm not a psycho. I'm not gonna do it.
I asked your dad
to bring me home.
But once we got home,
he said he needed to go to work.
He's leaving me alone at home.
Can you get back home soon?
Get back home soon.
OK.
I see.
I'll be back soon.
What's up?
How is your mom?
It's OK.
She checked out on her own.
I need to get back home now.
OK.
Go home now.
I'll walk you back to your dorm.
No, no. I can do it on my own.
Go home now.
Should I offer
to visit your mom?
Perhaps it's better this way.
Do you want to visit her?
Actually, I'm very nervous.
But I'll get over it.
Maybe next time.
The doctor said she is unstable
and needs some quiet time.
Alright.
See you.
Fanzhou, cheer up!
Dad,
mom.
You're home.
Fanzhou.
Mom,
are you alright?
I'm fine.
I've been talking to Yichun.
Yichun,
what brings you here?
Well,
I called Mrs. Zhao to ask if she's OK.
She told me she had checked out.
I'm here to visit her.
Yichun is very considerate.
We've been talking for a while.
It makes me feel less painful.
Thank you, Yichun.
It's alright.
Mom,
did the doctor write you prescriptions?
Of course.
I asked the doctor
to write a prescription for my injury.
You can change the dressing for me.
It will save me from going to the hospital.
I don't like the smell there.
Mom,
where did you put the medicines?
In my room.
OK.
He always looks like that.
Don't take it personally.
It's alright.
Mom, you can have your medicine.
Fanzhou, are you going
to the campus tomorrow?
If so,
I could go with you.
I've asked for leave.
I'm taking care of my mom at home tomorrow.
You don't need to do anything during the day.
You can change my dressing
after school.
Tomorrow,
you two go to the campus
together.
OK.
You two grew up together.
You must take care of each other
in the campus.
Mrs. Zhao,
Fanzhou takes care of me a lot in the campus.
Does he often buy you dinner?
No.
Why?
I have a girlfriend.
I need to have dinner with my girlfriend.
You two talk.
A girlfriend?
Mrs. Zhao,
it's getting late.
I've got to go
now.
Please stay for dinner.
Don't go.
Thanks, but I've got something to do.
I'll visit you some other day.
Thanks.
Take good care of yourself.
See you.
You take care.
A girlfriend?
Fanzhou,
when did it start?
This semester.
Why didn't you tell me about it?
Why are you like your dad
who never tells me about anything?
Mom,
let me change your dressing.
No, no.
Do you think it's annoying
for me
to ask you about this?
Her name is Zhou Xiao.
She majors in Chinese.
She has big eyes,
a round face,
cute smile.
She eats a lot.
But,
she hates carrots.
She is like you.
You hate carrots, too.
When you have meals,
who would eat carrots in the dish?
It's me.
Love is not always easy.
Do you have a picture of her?
Can I see it?
OK.
This phone shell...
It's a gift from her.
That's good.
Mom.
She has short hair.
Yes.
She looks nice.
One more thing.
How is her temper?
Hope she is not
as annoying as me.
She is good-tempered.
Mom.
That's good to hear.
When will you
bring her to me?
She would have come today.
But the doctor said
you needed some quiet time.
That's right.
She might get frightened
by what I look like right now.
Mom,
let me change your dressing.
What a horrible ending.
It's bullshit.
Come in.
Sir.
I'm looking for you.
The first half of your novel is good.
But what happened
to the ending?
How come the bloodthirsty medical examiner
was killed by his crush
with a scalpel
while the rest were killed
by poisonous gas?
Isn't it ridiculous?
Are you kidding me?
Sir,
I'm here to talk about this with you.
I want to quit.
Why?
I haven't finished this story yet.
I don't want to rush it for the contest.
There you go.
That's the kind of attitude we look for
when it comes to writing.
We need to be precise,
scrutinous,
prudent.
Am I right?
Alright.
Get back and work on it.
Bring it to me when you've finished.
Ah?
Are you rushing me?
I'm a gatekeeper for your novel.
Sure.
See you.
Thank you, Sir!
Let me tell you,
Mr. Shu has become
a fan of my work now.
I'm literally a genius
in the writing circle of web novels.
I'm not going to listen to your boasting.
When you come back,
bring us dinner.
I want rice noodle roll of No.2 cafeteria,
Lu wants Wet Fried Beef Rice
of No.1 cafeteria,
Luo Wei wants rice served with roast goose.
Hey!
Can you at least show me some respect?
Professor,
here is my exam paper.
You handle it in so soon.
It's a pressure for the rest of the students.
Take it back and give it a check.
I already did.
Thank you, Professor!
I've finished the exam.
How about you?
(Final exam for the Chinese Major of the 2rd
semester of 2017 - 2018 academic year)
You have thirty minutes
before the exam is over.
Seize the time.
Don't look at me.
The answers aren't written on my face.
Sir,
here is my exam paper.
It seems you can't wait
to start your vacation.
Well,
I guess I'm not that eager.
May I know
why you haven't finished your exam paper?
I was in a hurry.
I didn't notice the back of the paper.
I'm sorry, Sir!
Why are you saying sorry to me?
You should say it to yourself!
Hurry up. You have only thirty minutes.
Why bother saying sorry?
Some of you
are absent-minded.
It's the last final exam.
Don't take it lightly.
It's OK to be in a relationship,
but one must be serious about the exam.
Time is up!
Sir,
this time, I've really finished it.
Wait a moment.
I need to talk to you.
OK.
You're
a careless person.
(-I'm waiting for you outside.
-OK, I'll be there soon.)
Sir, what is it about me?
Here is the thing.
Next month,
there's a one-week writing
summer camp in Beijing
which is organized by
the Writers Association of the city.
Our Department has one quota.
Do you have someone
to put forward?
I have no idea.
You can recommend
whoever you think is appropriate.
I have this student who writes a novel.
The first part is really good.
It's called
the Bloodthirsty Two-faced Medical Examiner.
Thank you, Sir! I'd love to!
I'll recommend you.
But you have to promise
that you'll finish the novel
before you leave the campus.
I'm waiting for it.
Sure. Sure.
I owe you big time.
Perhaps I'm not able to pay you back.
Actually, I'm thinking
of another student in the class
who is also very competent.
Sir,
I was just kidding.
I will definitely pay you back.
I will finish the novel soon.
Go to your boyfriend, then.
You're excused.
Yes, Sir!
Zhao Fanzhou.
Here I come!
Slowly. Slowly.
You must have waited for a while.
Well, you tell me.
I have some big news to announce.
What news?
You're looking at
the rising star
of the writing circle,
the future leader of the literary world
who is about to rise to the top,
the most promising candidate
for Nobel Prize in Literature.
Did the exam hurt your brain?
Hum.
I'm dispatched to Beijing
by the Department of Chinese
for the writing summer campus
organized by the Writers Association.
When is it?
For how long?
Next month.
For a week.
I'll go with you.
Nope.
I'm an independent girl.
They all go there on their own.
Are all the other kids going there
on their own?
Yes.
So, don't follow me everywhere.
I need some personal space.
Did I follow you everywhere?
What's your plan for summer vacation?
I'll stay at the campus
and conduct experiments.
So boring.
How about you?
I can't think of anything other than go home.
That's why I'm asking you.
How about I go home with you?
No, no.
You take it the wrong way.
I don't mean it like that.
Then, what do you mean?
I mean you're not going
to my place that easy.
Lazy Ling,
Lu,
I'm leaving.
See you next semester.
Bye.
Take care.
OK.
Let us know when you get home.
Let's go.
Have a nice trip.
Every time the exam is over,
Wei would pick up and leave for hometown.
Perhaps she is missing her grandpa.
She is a sweet girl.
Why are you still up there?
Are you waiting for your boyfriend
to pack things for you?
I wait for him?
Bullshit.
He'd stay and conduct experiments
for his tutor
instead of accompanying me home.
I'm pissed off.
Oops.
My apology.
Lu.
You're back.
Yes.
Lu,
are you going back home this early?
Nope.
We're having a sketching
after the final exam.
Where are you going for the sketching?
We're going
to Haicheng.
Haicheng?
It's on the way
to my and Ling's hometown.
Really?
Yes.
How about
we go together?
We have some fun at the sketching spot.
After that, we get back home together.
Deal.
(Next Episode)
I like you.
Could you like me back?
Zhou Xiao!
We're so dead.
Dad.
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go tomorrow,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪